---
title: Introduction
authors: Hoo
---


In today's rapidly changing times, the technology industry is growing rapidly, especially in the field of software development. More and more people are choosing to join this industry, however, at the same time, the challenges that programmers face when looking for a job are increasing. In order to help job seekers better cope with interviews and understand common interview questions and their answers, we have developed this website. We hope to provide a resource platform for everyone so that more people can find their ideal jobs.
### Challenges faced by modern programmers
In the past, the demand for programmers was relatively high and many technical positions were in short supply. However, with the continuous advancement and popularization of technology, a large number of job seekers have appeared in the market and the competition has become extremely fierce. Many job seekers, despite having a solid technical background, often struggle to secure the desired job opportunity due to a lack of interview skills or preparation for interview questions.
During the interview process, programmers often encounter a variety of questions. These questions include not only technical knowledge assessment, such as programming language syntax, algorithms and data structure applications, but also some behavioral interview questions, such as teamwork, project management and so on. The purpose of these questions is to assess the applicant's technical skills, problem-solving skills, and ability to work with a team.
### Types of interview questions
1. **Technical questions**: these questions are usually about programming languages, frameworks, databases, and related tools. Example:
   - Please explain what is MVC pattern?
   - How do you optimize SQL queries?
   - How do you handle API requests and responses?
2. **Behavioral Interview Questions**: These questions usually focus on the applicant's soft skills and teamwork abilities. For example:
   - Describe a time when you encountered a difficulty in a project and how you resolved it.
   - How did you handle conflict between team members?
### The importance of preparing for an interview
Preparation is especially important in order to stand out in an interview. Job seekers need to have not only the relevant technical knowledge, but also an understanding of the common questions asked in interviews and the best answers. At the same time, you can effectively improve your performance through mock interviews, sharing your experience with others and seeking feedback.
Our goal is to provide a centralized resource to help job seekers understand and prepare for all types of interview questions. The website is a collection of many common interview questions, answer ideas and references, and strives to make the job search process less difficult for every visitor.



